[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music] [
Laughter] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Laughter] [Music
] [
Applause] [Music]
[Music]
[Music] Good
evening Good evening how are you family well nothing my
cat is missing I mean I've been
looking for the cat around here for a while but
the truth is I can't find it I don't know
where my uncle's called my
cat is missing I mean really he's been
very quiet all afternoon the cat I don't
feel it I don't notice it I'm afraid it's
good that it got away But anyway
the things of life How are you How are you
family How are
you well let's see I'm already improving
okay improving give me a moment
today we have to be strong today We had a
lot of gossip yesterday the truth is we had
a great evening yesterday the truth is they've been having
a few days of strong gossip and
yesterday we had a great evening and today I think
a curious night awaits us too
okay I do
n't know  if we have time to play a
little bit again okay You know that yesterday
when we finished the gossip we started
playing the cuphead dlc and since my
eyesight isn't very good yet Tomorrow
I'm going to the cure what I don't know if tomorrow they'll
take out the stitches or not
tomorrow Look, with this filter you can still see
the bandage a little bit it does
n't hide it much Thank you so much
sweetheart a kiss with this filter you can still
see the bandages a little bit yes I didn't want them to
see the bandages But oh well it's okay
When anyway
even if they take out the stitches tomorrow it's that I do
n't know I'll make a video of the
operation look, even my hand is
still purple eh from the IV I'll make a
video of the operation before and
after when the swelling is a little more
completely gone down, that
is, when everything is Flama okay
but if we have time like that let's
hurry because if we have time we're
going to be like yesterday we're going to
comment on the gossip and then we play I would
like to dedicate them live at
night to comment on the gossip, play
and even react to tiktop  but there
are already many things, no, when I have the
when I have the new studio that right
now I think is in question I have been
saying the same thing for seven months but in a matter
of
days, two weeks or something like that we are supposed to be
in the new place okay or
at least that's what I hope well
because gossip I start I'm going to take This
okay because probably until now
well it's 1:20 at night
probably until now there is
still some lordship around here and
I am really amazed with this because I didn't
know it I don't know if you have seen it
Because also This was in front of thousands
of people
and I find it mind-blowing I
find it mind-blowing Olga Moreno's sister
who has already defamed me in a
lot of places and I am saving everything I
am saving everything because that's what I
always do I mean I am saving
everything in
certified folders with elegant but balls
No I certify it so that later I don't
say that it did not exist
and when my lawyer sees fit to
act then
I act this that I am going to show you today the
truth is I think it is the
strongest of I think they are the strongest
of all  the posts that she has
made about me and there are not few in the
posts that she has made me I
remember that she made several
posts sharing very
ugly things about me fake news that you all
know they put out about me
I am glad that you and Lorena are well
some help for the lawyers for
throwing a kiss for throwing a kiss Thank you
very much darling Thank you very much
María a huge kiss a huge kiss
Thank you very much for your super chat Well yes
no Let's see, I'm not going to be a collection for the
lawyers or anything like that because
Raquel is not more part of the issue of
lawyers for something else that you have already
been commenting on in previous live broadcasts I will
tell you when I can There is a I think there is
a way to see the light at the
end of the tunnel I cannot tell you much
in public because if not these people who
have me under surveillance will have where we are
going to go But there okay I am not going to
ask for money for a lawyer or anything like that
I never like to do that
I work and in exchange for my work
whoever wants to become a member subscribe
super chat all these things Well do it
okay whoever wants super cha ISO
these things that are here always
no then collaborate  for my job okay
And I will take care of the
cars that I have to take care of but I
can't turn the other cheek okay But
well, let's not get into
that issue again because I get angry okay I get
angry because man there are things that are
to get angry not today for example
Notice that I was reviewing no because of
course we are reviewing things to
act
gold Thank you very much I'm
going to show you this tweet Look it
came up here on the screen directly it's
going to get you really hot eh this This
is another multi account okay this other
multi account Well this other death account
I am clear who carries it okay this
other multi account I have Clara who
carries it No well nothing but because she has
posted
identical things since well from the same
from the same troll account and from her
original account and for many other
reasons for example in 2019 there was
an error on Twitter well This is very
long I'm not going to tell you No but
this girl was here
years ago
four or five years she was here asking for
money okay she had financial problems and
we Out of pity because she's a mother no And
well mother
Out of pity we lent her a hand
we helped her financially me and  several
gossip youtubers did live streams and we
gave him money no and he was here
advertising his business He doesn't have like a
grocery store I think it was I don't know if it was
in I don't know if it was Gijón or what But anyway he
was here advertising himself let's say
I'm not I'm not exposing anything private
okay because it has been exposed and it has been
advertised on several of our channels
no and this is how he pays me this is how you pay me by
creating a multi-account no and look what it says
This is the Colombian I
was telling you about do you remember that in other
live streams I said look they are talking to a
Colombian who was impersonating me
blah blah blah Well look what turns me on
you would you like Dalas to send a
photograph of his naked torso to your daughter
when she is 13 years old and immediately
request a change XD I mean here they are
messing with my daughter I
don't want to get upset okay I'm going to
tell you and we change the subject we go back to
Raquel's no but look here they are
messing with my daughter who at that time
2019 was 8 years old
and they are messing with my daughter of  8
years okay I mean no not
enough messing with my wife
when she was pregnant with the baby
not posting pictures of my niece not
when she was a minor but also
Miss Gorgona comes here if she does yes That
makes her famous maybe it doesn't bother her that much maybe it doesn't
bother them that much okay because
here in this tweet I don't know if you get to
see this Twitter they are writing to
Lorena
chungo don't get upset no no but I'm going to get
upset because man there is going to be there is going to be there have already
been measures eh I mean against
this person there were measures
and the authorities have done nothing but do
n't worry there is another one there is another
opportunity there is another step that
apparently can be taken and will be taken I
mean I'm not going to get tired okay I'm not going
to get tired But look at this don't
imagine that they put this about
your 8 year old daughter
about your 8 year old daughter who is an
8 year old girl who is not public is not
famous does not get into trouble with other
youtubers and there is no reason for
harassers saying this type of things
about them no O  be I see this I
see it strongly I don't know how
you will see it okay
But well if I'm going to continue okay there is
another step that can be taken there is another way
that can be taken and if that way doesn't
work either then I imagine that the
sentence that this person will have for
life will be that her son
one day on the internet will be ashamed
of what his mother does okay But
remember this person I know perfectly well
Who it is not officially confirmed
because I can't confirm that I
have to confirm that well I imagine
that social networks or the police or
something like that when they feel like it
no and when they feel like it
but man the indications are things that she
has posted that coincide with things that they
put to me on her WhatsApp Okay when I was
talking to her the indications are
many errors that Twitter has she
posted the same things in a forum as in
her real account, I mean the indications are
many and not only that but
when I asked her for explanations on
WhatsApp the reaction she had was black
and white But well there is a there is a
way that we can still resort to it
and that we are going to resort to it I don't know if
Before  before August that continues
replayed before but I'm on it okay that's why
all the help that you're
giving me, well thank you very much because the
truth is that it's outrageous, outrageous that
I still am three or four years
later Oh because you asked me
in this tweet Hey but this This is
messing with a girl no I mean the
police authorities haven't done
anything Well look no this person
this person was reported to a
police station and let's not in fact boasts
on his account
I mean not only does he put that but on
his account
this person who came here for us to
help him financially because I don't know
if the business went bankrupt or I don't know what
move he had okay I don't remember what
life was like but let's say what I
'm telling you is not private
because she came to my live shows from
tete de Jairo's blog of a lot of
a lot of gossip youtubers okay
In fact she promoted her business on the
ocume Channel Okay and I have all of this
saved certified in case she
decides to say that we're telling something
private no but not only does he not
regret posting something like that about my
daughter okay but he also boasts he boasts
that he hasn't received the
complaint
okay look they haven't put me in court yet he
brings my subpoena messing with my
diction okay I mean if you see all these
accounts that come out well let's
see the line that follows in the same one no
the line that they follow is to humiliate me for
my studies humiliate me for my diction
my accent
this type of things no I mean like so you can
see the level more or less but
here you have it not that anyone in a
moment of heat Maybe if you're
into something then you can have you can
go over the line, for example, I was
wrong maji Thank you very much, for
example, I was wrong, back in the day
with Dalas I said very strong things okay
to Dallas and some others surely
that don't come to mind Well
also
I probably have gone over the line when it comes to
saying something okay But you can say
something and you can regret it if you're a
person especially if you're supposed to be a
mother because you will have given birth but the
mother thing no no  I know whether to tell the truth or not
but
you can repent you can't
repent apologize delete the
[ __ ] harassment account you have because it
is an account dedicated solely to
harassment but no no no no no no no no no it's not
just that he doesn't repent he's
bragging about the law okay I mean he's
messing around look at mine that I've been
waiting for three years
[Music]
complaint and you always see him laughing
good Javi I know it's not much but I
hope it helps in your search for
Justice Greetings well Thank you very much
Also to all the professionals who
are contacting me and who have given me
ideas for the strategy and options and I
swear that I will take them all for
sure I swear I have
not done this with any
youtuber eh I mean I have been able to get
heated I have been able to respond sometimes
in some abrupt way it could be 100
videos of a youtuber if I can make
2,000 or 3,000 I mean you can't ask
the lecturas magazine not to talk to you about
Antonio David or  the magazine ten
minutes don't talk to you about Julio
Iglesias okay listen I've gone too far in some well you
know acted where you have to
act But this is not These are
accounts dedicated to harassment and
that's what you do okay but that complaint will be filed
at the police station or in court okay if you
see the tone it's this okay I mean it's not
regretting the nonsense he said
about an 8 year old girl
8 years old okay
8 years old
but he's also making fun of the law and he
boasts that the complaints don't reach him he's
laughing at me because my complaint doesn't reach him
imagine no How one feels no
imagine How one feels
losing losing an afternoon or two
afternoons
writing and presenting all the certification at
a police station in a court wherever
paying a lawyer okay Imagine how
one feels and what and that they don't give it
importance and this person here this
person who came to ask for
financial help and we gave it to him okay Well
that it's all about me because he
messed with my daughter he posted on the
forum  everyday where I live and
and he boasts because the law doesn't do anything to him
What do you think how would you feel have
you
seen this news on facua
because I this news
but don't worry there will be news do
n't worry there will be news
time time puts everything in its
place
Okay and Oh By the way you were asking me
the date since when this
type of things happened to me well look at this Colombian
this same Colombian is the same one who
boasted that I also have it okay I mean
all this If at some point he asks me for it
or wants it I have it eh this
Colombian was boasting about with a
fake ID report my Twitter account okay I
don't even know if he's really Colombian
that's what I don't know if he put it in one of
yours a friend of his said it I don't
remember what it was but they told me they
were Colombians the same He's not
Colombian and come on from Almuñécar you
understand But well I think I don't think he
's Colombian
[Music]
okay with this one they rub shoulders with he has  he has
boasted
about
suspending my accounts of the ones I work with
of the ones we saw Okay, well I'm a YouTuber,
my business is to live off
social media, okay. And he has boasted about having a
fake ID and also the photo that circulated
all over the internet at the time of the ID that
the ID was to see it. He has boasted about
impersonating me
and reporting my accounts with
a fake ID. What do you think?
What do you think about the law? What do you think about
Twitter Spain not doing anything?
What do you think, lunita? Thank you very much. What
do you think? I don't know how to put myself in my shoes a little. What do you think? They get involved, they start investigating which hotel I'm on vacation at with my children. This person posts it on the forum, they don't put
the name of my street exactly, but
they put it like blank and in a bottle,
the name of my street in Seville, I have
had to buy another house, okay, because
after this person did that,
the address was leaked everywhere,
okay. Not only that, but what have you
done about this comment
about my 8-year-old daughter? I think these
people have serious mental problems, I
doubt they are  aware of what
could happen to them if justice acts for
justice I
already said it yesterday until I spent the
last cent I have in the bank
until you looked at the last cent I
have in the bank
you know that it's the worst thing that at the time
when we caught her
which it seems to me that when we caught her it
was because they sent me a
screenshot in which she told them I don't
know who and I don't know who betrayed her If I have
everything saved everything that is
worth it I
told her I'm going to report you the only thing I
ask you please delete everything
delete everything delete the [ __ ] account and
apologize and don't mention me again that's
the only thing I asked her to not report her
three years later she
continues
but it's not that she continues it's that she continues and she
boasts about the law
or rather be exact about the law okay of course
you have freaked out in this
comment you
have not freaked out in this comment but
no it's not that she boasts about the law
okay she
boasts about the law that the complaint doesn't reach her
as if it were
my responsibility that it doesn't reach her  the
complaint and also of course how
could it be otherwise the same as the
canitidillero accounts and the other one
making fun of my diction Of course
because intelligence reason is measured
by your pronunciation okay
when from when from
when Well look
[Music]
if there is someone who can refute this
has the comments box open
okay Even if you want to get on the
call right now you can get on if there is
someone capable of refuting this
come and snatch it from me okay but you
have asked me since when
these kinds of things happen to me No well look
here you have a video in
which kido
that nobody knows is a man who is a
friend of all these people okay that he
defends them to the death despite the fact that I
have calls with him in which he
admits things to me like for example
well I'm not going to say it but he admits
things to me in which they lie and he knows
that they lie and he admits it to me on the
call and yet publicly he
says the opposite and defends okay here
quido look this is a this is an
excerpt from a live show of mine from here from
Javier canijo you can check it out okay
January 29, 2019
January 29, 2019 okay
January 29, 2019 Look at
Guido, he's making fun of the fact that they
closed my Twitter account
Okay, and in fact he said that
as of January 29, 2019, that's
when they started to take down my
Twitter account and I have the emails
okay in case there's someone who says that I'm
making it up, that it's a lie, I
'm not blaming anyone, I'm not
blaming anyone, I'm stating
objective data that I can prove wherever necessary
as of
January 29, 2019,
as of January 29, 2019, they
started to suspend my Twitter accounts
[Music]
alleging
identity theft in the emails
identity theft What does it
mean
that someone with an ID
was
[Music]
reporting my account as if I weren't
the real one Javier Oliveira
huge crime
huge crime let's see what I'm
saying  kido at that time
that day because Perote puts me
because
Javier Oliveira's Twitter account has been canceled Does anyone know what
happened?
How is
a woman going to be invited to a
Marvel event? What does she have to do with that?
Okay, silly.
Teo discovers Telecinco, I smell his YouTube feed.
Twitter doing Game Over, nice XD
January 29, 2019 well I don't remember
what video I would upload on January 29 or 28,
2019 I
don't know what video I would make on January 29 or 28,
but
here you have it, let's say it's recorded
that they are live from that date on
is when all this [ __ ] starts, they
insult me,
multi-accounts, that they give me that they suspend me
[Music]
the one that is recorded, let's say I'm not making it up
but it's not that it's
recorded, it's that I have everything the emails
from Twitter, identity theft
Someone has presented an ID and I don't know what, I do
n't know  how many
months without the Twitter account months without being
able to share my live broadcasts on Twitter
Because someone had a fake ID of mine
impersonating me and then
that Colombian man came out or he claims to
be Colombian boasting that same
Colombian who is the one that
these accounts rub shoulders with that suddenly are dedicated
to me what do you think I don't know I ask
no I know that I have been wrong eh
throughout my career here I came here from
the neighborhood square to the live broadcasts and I
know that I and I know that I have been
wrong Eh many times and that
maybe it can tell someone something
excessive but I have done this what follows
me what followed me for a
long time I have done this some youtuber I have done this I have
created accounts I have created
accounts
exclusively many
nicknaming the accounts with
humiliating names for some youtuber in
particular
what dear
I have done this with some youtuber
if I make criticisms no and some criticisms
well they have been harsh or whatever
but I have done this with some youtuber
I have created exclusive accounts  if you
want to say something why don't you do it
from your account
if you want to say something why don't you do it
from your account because what you're
posting isn't very good you don't know you
know that what you're doing It's not
good no
and what would happen if you stop paying attention to
those people We will continue but if it's
been a week since I realized
that these accounts
were tweeting if I did or rather I
knew at the time that these accounts
were Okay and others that I'll tell you about
but [ __ ] this past week I
found out that three years later they continue and
not only that they continue but that they have been
tweeting constantly for these three years
and I have reviewed them I have
saved all the tweets and I'm going to
take one I can't say but
obviously this this chela no
yes They talk to themselves no no no no yes yes it
's true that he whoever it is they
only talk to each other I mean they have been
talking only for three years but that they are
not going to talk anymore they are only going to have to
give explanations but if
nothing happens to them legally at least let it be
known no and that and let it come out
somewhere what is who  I am what do they do
no And what do they do no but
I ask
because maybe I deserve it no me I have
messed with someone's 8 year old daughter
And I have told her that I got involved I have
created accounts to
say things like this to someone's
8 year old daughter
I have created accounts putting
body parts someone's face And
messing with her with the accent with the
studies with the addiction I
have watched him this is who he is because that is a
stalker okay this is stalking this I
no longer need time let's criticize a
video for real the one who posted this
damn let's criticize this no no no
this is talca this is each and every one
of the tweets that I post each and every one
of the videos and also in a
disgusting way and with insults or no [ __ ]
gordi oliveira
your fat wife too no
your daughter no what they have posted about you I
ask have I done this with any of
their children or something like that
I I I hang out
or rub shoulders
with people
because  They're still with the Colombian, I think they're still
even following each other with their original accounts. I
hang out with people
who are dedicated to falsifying an ID to
close the networks to a person who
lives off the networks
Maybe I've done it no maybe I've
done the same thing No I don't remember no
I think that since they think
nothing's going to happen to them these people will be the cause
that in the end it will be known who this is it will be
known who we are I'm telling you it will be
known but come on Even if I have to
introduce myself on Twitter in Los
Angeles there are the angels no Twitter no
Even if I have to end up looking for a
lawyer on Twitter in Los Angeles to
demand that I
identify this account I'm going to do it I swear I
swear man by God
man by God
and apart from here I won't take these people because they don't
want to because they don't understand in
ways not in a good way not as it should
be no because any
normal person Hey let's fix this you
take this off I take this other thing off you
ask me Forgiveness for this I ask you for forgiveness
for the other each one on their own we
forget and no no no like the  form they have that is
this Well, from here I tell
the people who are behind all these
things to
sit down
and think about what they do, it's
worth it, they think about what they do in the
time they have dedicated to this, it's worth
creating an email,
creating the accounts because each account
has an email because on Twitter you
cannot have several accounts in the same
email,
register I don't know if a phone number
will ask you for it or not because I don't have one
but they didn't say that they wanted to destroy your
marriage what more can you expect? Oh
well, I don't know if they are the same people, I don't know
if they are the same people
but what I tell them from here
is since you can't talk like
normal people, even if they have
shown that they can talk about things more
normally, no, that they reconsider and think
a little, look, my life is this, my life
is this time of my life that I could have
dedicated to being a mother
or anything, well, I have taken and I have
created an email, I have created accounts and I have
put things that I have not been able to
put from my identity out of concern, out of
fear because I do not have the courage or because
I am publicly interpreting a
role that is not the real one
and I am there every day  of my life
with all the channels that there are on YouTube
that I like, well, every
day of my life I'm
watching someone to see how I
imagine in my sleep because they can already show me
28 hypocrisy that my channel
will continue here with my mistakes and my
virtues that you show me a
hypocrisy is not going to take away
credibility in my work nor will it take
away my followers nor will it take away anything from me
are you talking to yourself
but think
Because also I imagine that it will even
go more than we
think because I imagine that
even some
of these accounts I imagine that so that they do
n't get caught they will even have
several devices or with several VPNs of
that whatever they are called no, I mean
imagine the whole thing isn't
life more beautiful
when you live peacefully you don't do anything
wrong
I ask
When the consequences come and the
crying
and the shame and the embarrassment because maybe you have to
have it no as
Lorena said today in the twist no
shame shame the best thing is to
have it not to feel it but look at you
eh tell me you that many of you who
are here
in fact no one knows about their
existence and what you say no no Dani no no
but you will find out because I am
going to take measures and when they take
measures obviously well I will
inform you because this cannot be done
and this must be claimed not
only to Twitter and all the
social networks that collaborate with the law but
also to the fact that
when you create an account you have to
put your ID
this is not only for me I don't know if
they will think that I am trying to hide
what they put there or whatever if they
want I invite all of them to
come up here all at once in a call
with me and throw in my face all the
things that they put there in the account if they
want them to come here they can discuss it
with me okay But this this has to be
put out so that people know what is on the
internet many times no that there are people
who are dedicated to this type of things no I
mean and we must claim that
social networks demand you demand you  an ID so
you can have an anonymous account Yes you
can have an anonymous account but
when the authorities come
and tell you
this account We want to know who it is
tell us to take
the social network and collaborate with the
authority
because I have had a few
cases in which it has been let's go the day
with amazing people
but then I say or rather I want to tell me
all these things that they tell me put a
call and tell me that here you can upload
whoever wants and surely you
will even be right they will be right in some
criticisms that they make me Why not Sure
surely But that is not going to happen to me I
want to make it very clear to the people who are
dedicated to this that I already told you some
more or less yes I know and I have an indication of
who they are Not because I am Aladdin but
because of someone who has a nerve that not even they realize
the discharge that they
make
is that they have a nerve that not even they realize I do
not know if they think they are very
discreet but they have a nerve that
come on and apart from the reactions it does not matter for
example in this case of this last one that I have
shown you when I caught it because
They told me and I told them
the reaction was very harsh
but from here I tell them that
if the reason is or
the intention is for
me to leave the internet
or for me to attack something, someone that
they want me to attack
or that I have
my freedom of expression limited
when it comes to talking about someone or that I do
n't even go online but in other
places where I have to
talk or tell something, no, I don't do it
if that is the intention, you are very
clear with me, I
mean, this is not the
only thing that serves to
waste time obviously
and above all hurt my family
because obviously
with comments like that,
with comments like that that are very
strong, okay, I want it to be very
clear, I want this comment to be very clear,
no, I
mean because in the face of this comment,
any person who even gets together
with her, I'm hallucinating, no. I mean,
before this comment
to a person that I have helped, eh, when they have
asked me for money, eh in the face of this
comment, what
can you do? Even in a court of law,
no. I mean, you go to a court of law to
complain about something and you have this
comment certified
before and comments that  that I don't know what
kind of person you are No,
not only because of who you're
hanging out with up there but What kind of person
are you?
Before I told you
this that What is it? I'm wondering, not
an intimidation like, shut up or we'll
go get your children,
don't bring to light
what you have to talk about,
position yourself on this side in case you
position yourself on the other side, what you're going to
have is this What is the intention I
mean, I would like to know at what moment
someone comes up with it, it's that I don't know It's that I think that I
would have
criticized throughout the years that I've
been here like 100 youtubers, no
Diego Thank you very much, they
are creating a narrative Yes, yes, I think that
like let's see what I'm
getting based on what I was seeing
this week and certifying and such that the
problem is no longer so much that I
criticize someone that they don't want me to
criticize but the problem is more
their complaint it's more that I don't criticize
whoever I want, I don't know, the narrative
that they want to give is worth it, it's like
taking away my credibility for when it comes to it, when it comes to what's
important, well, that I do
n't have credibility  And that is
for nothing
things and the evidence are tangent on
many occasions and that's it but
I want this comment to be very clear
not this comment
one day this person well
I don't know how old the son will be no
because she was saying she came here
saying that she was a mother in fact Well she
brought the son here And she uploaded the son to a
live I'm not going if it was I don't remember
if my son came to a live or sent a
video to congratulate me on the
subscribers OK But of course I I I
wonder no and I say
you're not into it when your son sees this
or a neighbor or someone from the neighborhood
I want to feel your body together has
n't had time without having a boyfriend if you
want to
see itincredible
incredible I remembered your live
crying when they told you about breaking up your
family
incredible No well that's what I'm telling you
eh if you get together the date and you
can also go to you can go to see what date
each account was created and so on and since
when and so on no And then from
there I say what video I created at that
time
And what lack of respect was in that
video for all of this to suddenly come out
but oh well
In the end we have  back it goes on with
this topic
I've had to shower and everything man
because in the end give me a second I have to
do a floor
[ __ ] that's muted
[ __ ] that's muted well I'll start
again wait
well of ugly comments that we just we
just commented in the
previous extract we're not going to move on now to other
comments that I don't know if they're really
better let's see Well let's put that they
are better because at least this one
at least this one doesn't mess with me with
my 8 year old daughter I don't eat like the
people in the previous clip but the
truth is that it seems very strong to me It
seems very strong to me also
also this person that we're going to
talk about it's not the first time that he's
publicly defamed me in front of thousands of
people I'm saving everything I'm
saving everything he's a person who
fills his mouth going around telling
people I denounce I denounce I denounce denounce me
denounce mommy you don't know me yet
denounce me okay Because I do
have saved and certified that I've been
saving the certifying each time
more defamed each time more  defamed and
not only every time more defamed there are
times when we have posted
very serious things Raquel Moreno there
are times when you have posted very
serious things to me there are times that you have shared
Well there are times when I have been more insulted in
super chat of another of other youtubers
okay there are times when I have been more insulted in chat
of other youtubers okay there are times that you have
dedicated entire days to retweeting
defamations and fake news about me
very strong that were also that
are also in court Okay
then maybe maybe maybe you have gone a little too far and maybe This is the last one surely that you mess with me maybe maybe This is the last one that you mess with me okay How much you have to learn from your little sister in class Because there the physique is not
everything No but in class in education in
knowing how to behave
how much no how glad I am that you
position yourself with because at first I'm
going to be honest
at first I thought that
a person such a direct relative
of Olga Moreno that we have been
supporting her without expecting anything in return eh
I'm not blaspheming it but man
we have been  we have been supporting her
why not also say it mobilizing
the audience to spend the money on
your sister winning the
survivor final man well I think you
like a youtuber more or less I think
in the end never ever a
direct relative should get involved in that war
but if I tell you the truth Raquel if I
'm sincere
and we add to this that we have also had
several debates here we have had
several debates here with a lady also
from the same fandom and so on sincerely I am
glad that you have positioned yourself in the
channel that has positioned you because you
always do Gala and show off
what that community means
always worth
[Music]
let's read the messages because I think
the messages speak for themselves okay there are not
few They are not they are not turkey squints
eh I warn you
Here is Evelyn who is a moderator of
our channel fatal what Diego arrabal did
This was when Diego arrabal published my
license plate okay I put it because he was
doing a driving that I don't know if it
can be classified as
reckless driving but I was I
want to feel your body with you mine
because Thank you Manuel a huge kiss  I
was driving with a cell phone in my
hand and focusing forward
backward up and down
chasing Pantoja he put the cell phone
under the door anyway I
criticized him goodbye arrabal and Diego
arrabal in response well first he
made fun of his followers okay he took them for
idiots as it usually happens with
some youtubers less with this
community he took them for fools he bought
a gadget on his head and said he was
wearing that when it was a lie and then
in the end what he did as he had no
arguments or enough intelligence
to debate with me, what he
did was show off
where he comes from working no And
where he comes from working that save me
okay because remember that Diego arrabal
comes from working at save me he didn't show off he showed off
his
work experience and what he did in response to my
arguments was
publish with all the evil in the world
Knowing what I have and the harassers
that I have, publish my car's license plate
okay he had a photo of me
saved with my car's license plate and
published it both on his Twitter and on
his social networks  social No, well here they are
talking about that, my support to all the
victims of harassment, harassment is harassment and it is not
justifiable, we must separate the facts
to be objective and fair, that's how it is. And that is
not what we should support. Justice will come to them. What they
did to Oliveira
and his family is unforgivable, okay, what do you
answer Raquel Moreno has done?
I don't care at all what happens to Javier
Oliveira. So the issue is this step. It's
okay that he doesn't care what
happens to me, no, but later on
Evelyn says, and what he has done to everyone,
including me, everyone gets their Saint
Martin. And
what Raquel has
done to everyone is
tell you things as they are, or does it hurt? Tell me
where the problem is and where the
lack of respect is,
and whenever you want, we'll see each other,
okay, where we have to solve this
because now. You're going to see what
Javi posted, you're handsome. Hehe. I hope you get
better. Greetings, a kiss, Manuel, a kiss
because neither does my soul.
[Music] I'm
going to wait. I'm going to give you a few days to
ask for forgiveness, okay, he won't
do it because you're  the type of person you
are is worth a very vulgar behavior to me
but not only now is worth
a very vulgar behavior it was for
example
what is it what is it
also family What is it
also family that we said So what
vulgar behavior
seems like we were in the square of
a neighborhood there well With all due respect
to the neighborhoods that I am from but
what I mean
Javi seriously Hahaha between the cat and
now I can't focus a crack as
always I'm glad to see you well kiss
We love you so much on this channel and on
tele salseo I hope you are
well too my soul today I couldn't be direct it's
interested in SEO But tomorrow I'll put myself on
tele salseo tomorrow I'll look for the space Tomorrow
I have the cure for the operation Tomorrow I have
the cure
what was it family recently we
also said look there is the level
no there is the level of Raquel Moreno I don't
remember what it was but it was
also incredible no but it says and what she
has done to all of us that is what I have
done to you I have published the license plate of
someone's car
what is it  I've done to you what I've
done is tell things as they are
what I've done to you is that
when you say what I've done to them I don't
criticize your favorite youtuber because they
do criticizable things
what is it what is it what have
I done to these people
Ah When she came in here at Chayan he
had to kick her out it's true how embarrassing
that they had to kick her out here man I mean
I was here with Francisco in a
live talking about something that had
nothing to do with his favorite youtuber
or with her or with anyone and he came here to
insult in a super way,
rude to say the least eh
but me and what he's done to everyone
every pig gets his Saint Martin I mean they're
talking about the stalker that I have
publishing My address
false ads calling me a pedophile
fake news that she retweeted and I
have it certified for when I have to
give explanations about that Raquel who
doesn't know who I am because I don't go around with
bluffs and nonsense eh
And that my Saint Martin comes to me when I have
done to her  something like that to someone
when have I done something like that to someone
But wait it doesn't end there
Evelyn It seems very good to me but I do not
agree with you I'm sorry to the
troublemaker screw him
Evelyn I do not want to talk
or listen to that person for me he is dead
Well up to there well More or less we
could say well Hey I may be
dead for her nothing happens each one
on their own but here comes the strong one
worth
bravos that one The other one is a Scoundrel
for allowing people to talk about my sister
a girl who has been with a married man for two years
scarlet that does not reach me that does not
reach me
scarlet a girl who has been
with a married man for two years
here he is messing with Marta risk
no here he
is messing with Marta risk
no The
other one is a Scoundrel this is
Antonio David of course this is Antonio David
The other one is a Scoundrel I think that
Antonio David should send her now
between what he insinuated with Juanjo and this
Of course scarlet of course he is referring
to Marta risk
and Antonio David Look the other one is a
Scoundrel for  allow her to talk about
my sister a girl who has been
with a married man for two years
yes I am angry and I don't care Evelyn
you and Jordi should not support someone who
did so much harm to us she deserves That and more
I deserve what's happening to me and
more
for criticizing a person who steals
an interview for criticizing a
person who sends their followers to
look up Facebook news about me and my
data to publish my license plate to
put ads all over the internet
calling me a pedophile she deserves That and more
and now comes the message that appeared to me
the icing on the cake
now comes the message that
seemed to me the icing on the cake eh you are
wrong evalín let Javi Oliveira die I don't care
tomorrow I'm going to look into this eh I don't know if
this will be very legal for Javi Oliveira to die I don't care I
think I'm going to sue her I think I'm
going to sue her let
Javi Oliveira die I don't care I'm
going to give him a few days to apologize
that he won't do it because he doesn't have
class for that obviously
Javi Oliveira dies
I don't care
Wow eh these people are the ones who used
the girl who committed suicide due to
bullying
the girl who died because she committed suicide due to
bullying and they used her to defend
themselves and to play the victim
on that channel what do you think about
Javi Oliveira dying damn
how can he criticize us no
and that's allowed by the other one how does he dance
on his channel no no of course I mean I'm
glad that this lady has
positioned herself as a channel because
between the lady who comes up here with the
two calls she's made and this one but
Wow eh let him die tomorrow I'm going to
check this out Eh This and everything I have let Javi Oliveira die let him
die Javi Oliveira deserves
everything that is being done to him and more
from this channel member and that is to say
paying member and moderator Sofia welcome dear
member and moderator what do you think about the
family level how do you see it is
this allowed on that channel let him
die
Wow there's another one I don't think so Ah he didn't
tell me about acne I would
swear  cramp told me I would swear
cramp told me that there were
people defending that look
here she's talking Clear I'm freaking out
Thank you exhausted I
would swear kalane
here here look she
was telling me that there were people
defining this what an outrage this
lady for being more educated than her is
pure and hard evil for being Olga's sister you ca
n't answer her or you how
different the cookies are madam I
totally agree
what she said that she doesn't care if she
dies Javi didn't say that she dies
Javier oliveira
where Where there were people where there were
people supporting this mind-blowing now it's the
trending topic on Twitter accusing someone
of wishing death to the other that if
harassment It's bad blah blah and now everyone is
giving it to her everywhere then we
fill our mouths for
this person is defending her you
have to see that you are exposing her eh
Wow
This is going to have to give explanations
Raquel seems strong to me man eh my goodness what little
gems of Lady Wow speechless
says my Enrique brother a kiss
Thanks for sharing it I was a
subscriber to Juanjo's channel although it has
n't been for me  I sometimes put it on
radio mode, wow,
so much hate is bad for your health,
I don't understand with those screenshots,
I'm surprised with Raquel Moreno,
imagine the stories for seven
months of moderators and I, so pretty that I
went with her and she happens to be with her mother and even
girls for a minute, Hugo,
thank you, thank you, Cat, Thank you very much, wow
wow, man, Wow wow, what's wrong with people? I
mean, what's wrong with people, these
kids, and your honor, well, right now
I'm with a towel on my head,
glasses, and lipstick,
so you tell me, okay, so you tell me,
no, this excerpt that I just made, I'm
going to upload to the two of you,
family, how are you? Well, the
Dallas estardeo topic seems to continue to be
talked about, okay, there have been some to
put you in context a little, I'll be
honest, I'll be honest, okay, I'm going to
watch a video from a critic on YouTube
called Luis Sardo, he's a
very successful YouTuber, but from the bottom of my heart, from the bottom of my
heart, and so that
this doesn't seem like envy or anything like that, I
take it with a grain of salt for a
reason, okay, there's been a little while  I was
reviewing a series of videos that I don't
remember exactly what they were about
Well yes I remember that they were about the
windy topic but what I don't remember is
because I was investigating that
series of videos okay And there are like several
youtubers that are the same there is Luis
Sardo and there are two or three that are the same and they
are also friends okay but I don't
remember the names of the
others okay but they are like very similar
I confuse one with the other no and he releases
video 1 and then the other is based on
information from the other okay and I was
watching videos of Era about the windy
Rubius topic and things like that it wasn't some
videos plus the videos have millions
of views they have views that
are incredible no and they were very
misinformed
So if you are misinformed And you
're making videos with millions of
views you are also misinforming
people okay of course objectivity okay
subjectivity too I mean everything is that
all the channels have
subjectivity no and opinions no but
the opinions of this guy and the
information that he gives I take with a grain of salt
because in this case it is the video about
Dallas that I already know  that
a lot of people are going to tell me, not but from experience I've
had watching their videos, okay, I would have
liked to prepare some examples,
I would have liked to prepare some
examples,
in fact, in fact, I'm going to
do it, in fact, I'm going to do it
like this is an extract of law and
we're not in a hurry. Look,
Luis Sardo Windy and what caught my
attention?
Ah, but which video would it be?
Ari answers me. Gameplay, the really
bad one,
which one would it be?
Ah,
I would like to look for it. Look at this one,
Roast Duck, it's the other one, you see it, I mean, it was like there
are like four or five youtubers who are the
same, but the information
that one gives is wrong and then the
other three arrive and give the same information wrong. I would have
liked to prepare it, I
promise because I'm going to look like a
stick here without being able to give
an example because what caught my
attention was that in
one video one of them gave the
wrong information and then the other one arrived
behind me, who I don't remember if it would be, it
would probably be the [ __ ] from La
Galera, who you already know is a character
that pisses you off, or Roast Duck.  either they are
like three or four friends who
are the same thing it's worth doing the same thing Call
the videos are very similar I
confuse them with each other But well I know that
you are going to trust my word and I
tell you okay I take it with a grain of salt
because when I've been watching videos of
his There are
things there is
information that one gives wrong and
then the other three come out and give it wrong
too okay with this does it mean that
all the videos are wrong there won't be
videos that are good but we will see them
okay
I would not like to start This video with
the typical youtuber phrase that is
like I didn't want to make this video The
truth is that I did I did want to make
this video and I was so eager to do
what I really put aside the video
that I had planned for this week which
was the one about I am plex to upload this
also
Hi Javi I have been following you for a while and although it
is not much it is a small gesture for so
much content and entertainment
greetings from Colombia
kiss friend today with some authorities from
Colombia that they told me to contact
also I am contacting everything I
can everything I can okay
because I have to tie up loose ends and I have to
tie thread But well I'll tell you a
kiss for Colombia more than the more
things I continued seeing I felt like my
brain was melting little by little and
before I start I would like to ask you to
support the video with a like I think it
's the least I deserve for
attracting me to make this video and this
way it is recommended and we don't die
trying throughout my career as a creator I have
learned a lot of things whether
good or bad I learned to deal with
criticism to communicate better to ask for
forgiveness the times I was wrong whether
with the issue of toropland Mr Hugo or
any other issue always know how to keep my
head down and take responsibility for my
things to do they had a move this
group of youtuber with turbo plan man
but I don't remember in the end we couldn't
see what happened man we
didn't skip that gossip eh I mean there
are so many topics that there is gossip
that we skip it eh eh I have
accumulated scripts from this week after the
operation I have like three or
four accumulated scripts and I have to
catch up today  I recorded well I just
uploaded the video the main one about
Willy's wedding I do
n't think I've uploaded it yes
Yes yes I just uploaded the video the main one
about Willy's wedding eh then when I
finish the live you go over there
but but I have scripts accumulated to
do but better creator I learned that
despite doing things the best
way that one can do them there will always
be people who hate you for no
apparent reason and finally I learned how
important it is to be happy on the internet
enjoy my content and the things
that I do and I can do that is why
my content has changed so much
lately many saw that before the
typical thing on my channel was to find some
feminist laugh my ass off at some
progressive and upload the video nowadays I upload
videos of some topic that I
found interesting some
internet story that caught my attention and that I
think you might like then well in
my other channels I watch memes and play
some other thing And that's all that is what I
do on the internet by far This is the
dream job for anyone
Imagine getting paid to upload videos
and that you even like doing it
today  I chose Minecraft as Gameplay I want you to
feel that this video is sincere
Just me playing my favorite game
while I tell you something Now before I
begin I want to say that with this video I
don't intend to change anything And I really won't
change anything I tell you that
sincerely I'm not sure what I'm getting into there's
no objective in I
just want to talk about something that hasn't been
able to get out of my head in weeks
and I also want to tell you that this is
like the first time that I feel
uncomfortable recording a video I am a
19 year old boy
says that he is going to tell us something that hasn't been
able to get out of his head in
weeks that currently a lot of text
people have this mentality as a
youtuber but there are characters who
really at 28 years old still take their
internet so seriously as if their life
depended on it as if so-and-so's
comment was going to ruin their
life as if their day to day depended on
blocking people on Twitter and that is what
brings us today if you are
wondering what happened now I bring you the
context on the internet there are some
behaviors that are repetitive I want you to
remember this phrase throughout the video and
before we begin  I would like to ask you all to
watch the full video before
starting all last week Dalas
review was trending one day for one thing
and another for another one day before the
evening of the year one of the most
important events for the streamer scene
worldwide Dalas uploaded an
exclusive video to her platform stardust where she
claimed that the streamer Ari Gameplays
had cheated on her husband
Juan Guarnizo I obviously My
curiosity paid for having said video
more than anything because I wanted to find out about the
gossip coming from the largest
gossip channel in all of Spanish So I
paid the five euros to watch the video
the thumbnail of the video on this God
the page said that the video would last 40
minutes but in reality when I entered there
were only 26 minutes of video
something that left me quite confused
but I thought it was just a
strategy by Dallas to attract more
viewers to the page and then they released
the second part But still I
couldn't help but feel disoriented then
another day in the week Dalas made a
video talking about Costco and I think
everyone knows Cosco So there's no
need to introduce it  Dalas made a video
talking about an abuse controversy and
thanks to all of this Dalas lost his
Partner contract with Twitch and
basically that was all
you see here for example he just
stated
that thanks to Coco Dalas lost his
Partner contract on Twitch okay
so here the correct thing would be
if he believes Hey well I think right
after 2 hours of uploading the video
with Coco about Coco not right after
But in addition to Thank you very much the
way he told him Look we
listen to it again But in the same way I
couldn't help but feel disoriented then
another day in the week Dallas made a
video talking about Costco and I think
everyone knows Costco So there's no
need to introduce it Dalas made a video
talking about an abuse controversy and
thanks to all of this Dalas lost his
Partner contract with Dallas made a
video about Goku we all know Coco
So there's no need for me to tell you anything
about Goku Dallas made a video about
an abuse controversy and thanks to this they
took away his Partner I mean if you realize
I mean if you arrive and you don't have a
[ __ ] idea of ​​what  try the Dallas video
okay
let's be fair
I don't support the video he made to
Ari and Juan because of the ways
okay
but the one of Goku
in which he is right of wings
Okay so if you take and you say Ah
Dalas made a video of a controversy or
rather Dalas made a video to Coco as you
all know Who is Goku well I don't
need to tell you anything Dalas made a
video about an abuse controversy and
thanks to that they took away his
Partner contract Well of course what do you think
put it to me in the chat while
I tell you well what you think
is that Dalas has defamed Goku that Goku
the poor thing hasn't done anything and Dalas who is
a troublemaker well he has made a video to
Goku that you go to know the stupid thing he
will have said about abuse related to
abuse that the Partner has lost on
Twitch
of course man not friend This is not like that
Dallas has made a video about coscun
because coco was passing on to his
friends a photo he took of a girl who they
say is a minor Also that is said by a
media I don't know if it's true But come on  whether he's a
minor or not Well yes if he's a minor worse
obviously No but let's record it
Anyway even if he's not a minor
Goku took a photo like someone
takes a photo with the Eiffel Tower with
a drunk and drugged girl
unconscious naked like there's no
need to say anything about Coco and that he
made a video about Goku
it's a video it cost him the Partner not a friend
not a friend
Nothing about giving them is because of Ari the
Coco thing that doesn't make sense we really ca
n't affirm anything I have given my
opinion my opinion on that subject is that it
was because of Ari and maybe at
most it wasn't because of Ari it
was because of a series of things that have already
been decided on Twitter Look we'll
take away your Partner okay Wait,
because of Coco it doesn't add up to me because that
requires some management time I understand I
mean in two or three hours I'll
take away your Partner I mean if you tell me maybe a
ban dude if it's when you if it
's when you suck a dick but not
literally I mean
when you suck a dick on Twitch not that you
're watching on Twitter and you suck
a dick you  you ban in three or
four days They're not going to just [ __ ] with you
Well then the sense to me is that it
was because of the way he did with
Ari and that maybe
other streamers had already come complaining before okay
But anyway Hey one way
this youtuber would have said it would have been
I think they took away his
Partner and I think it was because of
Goku because he accused Coscu of something
that I don't believe and then he would look
like an idiot because come on it's a photo I mean
the presumption of innocence must
always be
respected okay but [ __ ] No better not
[ __ ] with me there than a tangent photo no I mean we
have some evidence there that is, come on no I mean like what you
're telling me about Goku no
It's that here you already see the misinformation
of the guy is worth
a Twitch and basically that was it like
see today Dalas in his video says that it's
because of Coco and that you were possibly going
well he can think what he wants I won't be you
know that apart from that I can't
argue with you one thing but  I don't see him
feeling any ridiculous as it sounds those
were the main reasons
why so many people talked about Dallas this
week everything up to here was the same as
always Come on doing Dallas Dallas
is trending for some
stupidity right and now I'm going to
tell you one of the
sickest anecdotes I've had on the internet at this
point in the video I want to say something
Dallas personally was in charge
of deleting all the videos that
referred to this topic So I wouldn't be
surprised if he tried to download this
video fraudulently So I give
permission for everyone to download and
receive it I don't care about credits
or anything like that you
know what this came from then no you
know what I think about taking down videos
that referred to this topic So I wouldn't be
surprised if he tried to take down this
fraudulent video
dude I have no [ __ ] idea what throwing
the laser the laser is to take down the
video I mean the laser has some video
that is to take down it I don't take down the
video Because he also put my click
that is not even on my channel anymore
okay
And he
said some disgusting things
about Easy  láserlem and Lorena I don't know what
about semen in the mouth I don't know how much
disgusting he is a repulsive guy who
also uses autism as an insult and
as a mockery okay he is a guy who deserves
a good strike but I to follow my
principles
to be able to complain when I get
on strike I hold back the urge and I
never give a star to anyone
Apart from that it is absurd or rather to knock down
knock down a video to someone we have already
talked about it a thousand times the effect
is the opposite the effect is the effect
is that more people are going to talk That the
youtuber to whom the video is thrown is going to
end up recovering it or rather he recovered the
videos no
cell no nothing happened to him he is not the one who recovered
the videos he recovered the strike and they look
bad okay then in that sense I
am completely against it even though it
is La Escoria from láser not
slowly Which is why I give permission for
everyone to download it and receive it
I do not care about the credits or anything like that there
was an early morning where I was
playing at being a rival and with
my girlfriend until I
say that they
are calling you  pedophile
animal abuser and
child abusers throw away the [ __ ] wismichu video there has
been before you put strike Well of course I have
put it there many times I
don't remember when was the last time I
put a strange
strike
[ __ ] But
strike because I mean strike because it sums up
my content Yes but you are for criticism
you are for criticizing how many years I am
telling you totally seriously eh here I have
put a stress for criticism
imagine no
who they put stress for criticism
Alive put it to me
here I have put a stress for criticism
I have said I am going to put a stranger you
have me fed up for example lip
started uploading an interview that I had
deleted
I have not put strike because they
criticize me for doing many years eh
mainly from the moment in which they
criticize the first one that put me
man maybe if they have put me in any they have
called me a pedophile Well the
same if I have put a little bit of a
strike Hey maybe if they have called me
Ah No look you know who I put a
strike to this same year precisely to  a
guy to an [ __ ]
who has really many,
many, many neurons
to [ __ ] on himself But I even doubt it
by the way do you
know whose mother
that guy is talking to now after he did the
debate with me Well I'll tell you I
gave one star to a guy who
started being direct that he was a
carrasquista who started being direct
asking everyone to
report en masse
the Antonio David interview
live of course, I mean imagine Imagine
I'm live at one of the
biggest events not on my channel that I
think I had like 40,000 viewers and
this idiot is sending people to
report and Hey maybe the
report will slip through and boom and they throw the live on me
man well the truth is a little bit
to give him a strike he's sending
people to report my channel don't
touch my dick you know the cases you have to
see them
the cases you have to see me I already tell you
of course as a general rule I am
against the issue of strikes I mean and let's go I think
that we've talked about it a
million times and especially when they're
in dirty ways Okay now if you
tell me that Dallas throws the video at
wismichu I understand a little eh I would
understand a little
I got a message from my
Twitch moderator with a link in the link there was
a Twitter video where they claimed that
Dallas as an anti-piracy method his
exclusive video had put gore a
video of people being murdered and I
found it hard to believe that something like that was
real I had paid to see the video
So I decided to check it out for myself it
was something as simple as pressing f12
enter the page console and
copy and paste the video
Dalas puts a link to a gore video
apparently in a source code of the of the let's
see if I explain this well because
maybe I could be wrong eh Because you
already know that I understand the
same thing about computers as I do about mechanics okay
when you hit inspect element
like f9 no no f10 11 What
is the fk 12 yes this no these
weird things these things  no Well
apparently this is the page these are the
codes that create the page no
maybe no no
or yes
well I don't know yes no yes well okay it
was how do I remove it okay
apparently within that whole series of
within the page of the video okay
apparently I didn't get to check it
apparently there was like within all
that numerical series and sources and
strange codes there was a link to a
gore video okay I saw the gore video
because there was a boy a boy who
also put it on Twitter I don't know if you
remember that he told me the following let's
see if we meet by hand but
Hi Javi the Turbo plan video made a
video talking about Dallas that he sent a
disgusting video Dallas himself and the
context of the video spoke that with the
source code and the respective video was
this one that was in the source code it is
a disgusting video in which Dallas
would be committing a crime of course
when
When I read this text and the kid
sends me the video and he is telling me it is a
disgusting video literally look at it okay it is
a disgusting video in which Dallas
would be committing a crime  Of course,
when I see this message and he also
sends me the video, I understand that what
the kid is telling me is that there is a
video that has been leaked to Dallas in
which Dalas is selling joints
and someone has recorded it with their cell phone and
Dalas is committing a crime because he
is selling joints and it turns out that
no, that the video is not Dalas committing
a crime, that what is a crime according to
him is that in the source code of the
page there
is a gore video, in other words, sharing the
video
and the guy in the md is sharing
the video with me. I mean, you think that sharing
the video is a crime and you are sharing
the video with me. And I had to swallow the
gore video, okay,
apparently. This video is posted by Dalas there
in the elbows, in
the elbows, in those
codes of the Source page
or whatever it's called, no,
and people are saying that it is a
crime and that it is super serious and super
disgusting,
to be honest, now let's talk about
other gossip that I'm going to tell you, other
rumors, okay, I don't know if that is
allowed, it goes against the rules of the
page or the server  or whatever is good
about the page no because yours
but maybe the servers whatever it is
worth it is
not a crime I mean I've been looking
and it is not a crime I mean I don't understand
why a gore video would have to be a crime
or rather it would be a crime if
someone's privacy was invaded or violated the video is okay but a
disgusting unpleasant sensitive
delicate gore video but it's not a crime
okay
but in fact
people are making it into a big
scandal I'm
telling you what I think and I want
you to tell me what you think
okay I
can see it as childish
could of course whoever found
that video is because you got into the
source code to find the raw link
which is the link to download the video
without paying the five bucks
So
my logic I think is what
Dallas did Because I've also heard it
in some live stream when I'm
fighting with someone by email or when I
want them to make a [ __ ] mess of
someone I send them a video ore No
he has said that on some occasion only
Listen to some live stream So what I
understand is that he put that
within the code
so that whoever gets into it eats the
video not
as a troll and there are people who are
making fun of me because I said that it
is a troll I
mean I see it I can
even see it as childish let's see he puts a
video there no
but but a crime that's not eh No I mean do you
see it as so serious
tell me
what do you think do you see it as so serious that he did that I mean it seems wrong to me it seems wrong to me very bad in fact that he hasn't uploaded the 40 minutes of the video if it is true that those 40 minutes that they put in the index exist it's
terrible that you put in the index a
video where you can see very
strong testimonies but that I put a gore video it
seems to me something it could seem to me maybe
childish
or even PC no [ __ ] him for
not getting into the source code
try Download the video No yes a
girl tied up maybe
but a crime or something like that like
so serious that people are Well
look what Dallas has done
not without being very sincere he sees it and so serious
Thank you very much
[Music]
first of all  place is what crime no no no
eh I can't find the reason Let's see I'm not a
lawyer No but I can't find the reason why
a gore video should be a crime
okay that was
seen by rat people who didn't
want to pay yeah Well then
people came out criticizing him And then more
people found out that it was
there but it's like honestly I
see it worse Karime says I see it worse than them
farting on the microphone Yes of course but I
can see it as
childish but as serious as that
people
Dalas has put goals in it in the Source code
if he wants to put a crossword puzzle in the [ __ ]
source code No I mean as long as it doesn't
put man there are types of videos that
can be crimes no I'm not going to say the
word because I want to monetize but that It
is a minor crime in terms of the rules
of the web Nothing else I don't
know about that anymore I don't know if
maybe some of you out there can tell me
because then a rumor comes out that the one who
said that I
take it with tweezers is also valid but
then a rumor comes out that said that these
hours that they are not working it has
been because in reality Dalas has said
that they were undergoing maintenance  but in
reality it was a lie and that it was that they
had closed it because they had posted a
gore video
and a screenshot of some emails
from someone reporting
someone anonymous would have started
reporting
to the server I
mean where the page is hosted in the
afternoon or I don't know what server it will be
But you have to be very sick for that
no I mean literally you don't have to be
very sick for that I mean you can
complain you can criticize it you put some of
your own whatever no but that you start to
find out that
you start to find out on which
server estartedeos is hosted and you
start to contact
that is bad No that you start
contacting
the page I
mean the page not the
server support to say Hey they have posted
a gore video hidden in estartedeos so
that they suspend the page
what do you think
badly if you have a cdn and if it goes against
the policies Hey maybe it goes
against the server policies to
upload a gore video that I don't know no I mean I
think that gore exists no I
mean gore but I have been looking
because no  I'm a lawyer, eh, I could be
wrong. And if someone understands a little,
correct me. If someone has a little
that bothered me, but I don't think it's a crime
that goes against the server rules for
you to upload gore. Well, I'll shut up there.
As far as I understand, it wasn't
hosted on the server or on the domain. I
think it was like an external link, but it does
n't really work. I could screw up there.
Thank you very much.
The thing is that the gore video wasn't
hosted on the server, it was just a
link to another page. Exactly, that's exactly what I
wanted to say, but knowing how to say it,
but man. I mean, imagine,
some YouTuber that I don't like
creates a website to sell
sweatshirts. I wouldn't
put it in my head.
I wouldn't put it in case they're
true. The screenshots that they've sent me
because they've sent me some screenshots. They've
sent me a screenshot by email. They've
sent me a screenshot by email
of someone reporting, also in English,
to the server company or the domain
or whatever and the company that also
seems very strange to me. One thing I'll tell you
everything
in those screenshots that I  they have sent
in those screenshots that they sent me
a random user writing in English
reporting to the company where they have the
domain or the server, estardeos okay Hey
look Dalas has posted a gore video and
this is against the rules because I
mean, the person who reported it if
this is true
I want it to be aware of this eh
I want you all to listen to this very carefully if
this is true the person who
reported it would have
taken the time to find out
which domain estardeos is on which
server and would have reviewed the rules
of certain servers
I don't even know the [ __ ] rules of my
chavalería.com I trust them to Ivan
yes it is not allowed to share a slash
leaving explicit links the providers
can take away your domain
okay okay okay okay okay I'll shut up but
what I was going for is that they will have deleted it no
why they will have deleted it it is no longer there no
way
But anyway, getting back to the subject in those
screenshots you can see this person reporting
this to the company Hey I have reviewed the
rules and this is prohibited, I
mean within the source code it is
prohibited
and now the company is responding the
company is responding to  this user and
says Thanks for letting us know we have already
suspended the page I don't know what I don't know
how much
And then here comes my question
point number 1 they said that estardeos
was under maintenance And maybe it's not that they were
under maintenance but
that they had given them a tap
for the gore video okay
2 I find it very strange that the company
gives you that information, I mean imagine
that you report my chavaleria.com
because I
upload a photo of my penis
the company can't give you
information
about what they have done to me no no
Javi I am a student but I made a little
money with my thesis I will support you whenever I
can I have followed you since those days when you
hit the Chair ons Thanks friend Thank you
very much Thank you
very much I
mean
the company would have given details to a
random person
within that let's imagine it's not worth it
the gore video is against the rules but the
company would have started to give
explanations to the Random who started
to report Hey look, you know that we have
reported and we have suspended the Dallas page,
that maintenance where I heard it
in the daily forum,
no  company has started to tell him I don't
know I do
n't know I wonder I don't rule out that they have given him a
tap and said Hey don't put this don't
put this remove this from the
source code that this is not allowed
okay perfect
but from there to give the
explanations to the one who reports
and Leo There was no need for any other
tool or to hack the video I
say this because Dalas really thinks
that people have skipped a Front of
the page, that is to say that they have violated
some type of security and the reality is
that it is a log that was in plain sight
in inspect element So I
tried and measured with the surprise that
everything was real and in fact I recorded everything
with my cell phone to prove that no
cuts had been made or
anything modified
This is the same link it is the
Dallas video if I click inside it loads normally and
where the idea is supposed to appear
below since there is a video that is supposed to be the
link to the video of the afternoons I
copy it copy
[Music]
I am going to delete the live I am going to
delete the quotes
[Music]
First of all I want to
strongly ask you not to go looking for
the video I don't want to be the reason why you have to
have a bad time
after all this I felt
truly very uncomfortable thinking about
what would be going through a content creator's head
to think that it was a good idea to
put gore as an anti-piracy method I
think that he could have put
anything else and if his objective was to
troll people I think this was
like the worst way to do it
so I decided to investigate on Twitter a
source of information that was going to
solve my doubts a bit the
first thing I found was to give the
confirming that the goal was real and
saying things like accessing their API
was illegal which nobody did because
as I told you it was simply a matter of
putting an inspection my boyfriend asked me to
marry him I said yes
gray kiss huge congratulations keep us up
to date eh And keep us informed Hey
today I uploaded a video on the
main channel about Willyrex's wedding
when the Dalas element had put
that there on purpose because if he had
wanted to eliminate that line of code he
could have done it after all this gives
the  He threatened everyone who has
seen the gore video with finger attacks
saying things like he was going to collect
information from them to take down the
internet But you know what, let's read it in his
own words and not only that but we
are compiling all
your data plus other
hidden gifts and soon you will be left
Arturo Thank you very much, I
really can't find any
explanation for this everyone on the internet long live
Arturo for trying to hack Star
Wars competitions and legitimate and
abusing the system Hello everyone I'm
editing the video and I just
realized that Dalas deleted the tweet
thank God that a screenshot of it
at the time but as you can see it's no longer there
and here it is as proof that it
no longer exists I don't have much idea
why he deleted it But anyway There it is as you
can see With all due respect in the world he is an
idiot all this seemed like
an idiot to me I really
don't know if it goes against the rules
the thing about Ah, how long the video is that
half the video is still missing
but I'm telling you, I mean, it doesn't
seem serious to me, it doesn't seem serious that
put a video that you put a video
now childish well Okay
super hypocritical is your part because I think it
is what he complained the most about
YouTube and the reason why he created the
stardeos platform to be able to abuse
power at this point I don't know if it was because of
so much information to process in such a
short time but I wanted to delete my
account So I tried to do it from the
same page and To my surprise nothing
worked I tried to withdraw my
credit card with which I had
purchased the subscription and it also failed so I was left at a point of not knowing what to do it was early in the morning and I remembered that I had the Twitter chat open with Dallas after all I had collaborated with him a couple of times we were in projects together and I never
had him bad I even asked him for information
about the Star Wars Beta I didn't want to be there
but I wanted to know a little more
about the favorite project
dude here it goes I know who this guy is or
rather this one this
I've seen these screenshots on Twitter No now he blocks it
No well the same thing that we have criticized of
giving them many times dude or rather you Dalas and
many other people do not reveal
private conversations dude
tell me your account that  I'll delete it myself,
don't post private conversations, dude,
take things calmly and
respectfully,
private conversations are [ __ ] private, dude, let's see how people find out. I
asked you to ask me to please
delete my account, no, God, no.
And on top of that, he's sharing a link to the
album, an album that is private, he
's not sharing a
discord link that is private and he's going to
get in there because of the information because this guy
has a lot of visits, I gave him a lot of
explanations. I had only told him
that I had paid but he does it because
others don't because
nobody has to do it, the frain
Neither one nor the other to see the
exclusive video and that I no longer felt comfortable
then later more or less if you have something
to tell if it is relevant to what you
're contributing but no no don't post
conversations dude you just leaked
there a game of all that I went to sleep
trying to forget the bad moment in the
morning I woke up to a message from him
telling me that he himself would take care of
deleting my account he asked me for my
username, I gave it to him and then he replied
that he had already deleted it at that very
moment  Dalas blocked me and look
honestly I don't know why
this only I thought about how childish
his answer had been I also don't want to
tell you that Dalas I can't do it
because the reality is that he is a person
who was very persecuted so he has
a lot of paranoia with
content creators and I think for that same reason
I was always a person who never
had it bad many times I did not
agree with him but that does not
mean that I am a hater and
well the worst of this whole situation is
that Dalas after telling me that he deleted
my account he never did it he simply
changed the name of my account to deleted
and a code to this day editing the
video I realized that the
gore video is no longer there and I guess instead
of admitting his mistake he simply decided to
remove it to avoid giving explanations I do
not want you to think that this is the
reason why I made the video
but I
mean, let's
see the little buns that are here,
the talk or the gore thing is not on Twitter
and not on Twitch, I
mean, I have dreamed it or I have not dreamed it
I have not seen a clip of  Dalas
on Twitch saying yes he put a gore video
for them to eat it I don't know what I don't know
how much
and in videos he's
done it or I'm high I
'm not for me But yes I have talked about it you
didn't
dream of it
until I see the name of someone I
trust who tells me I will do it he just
told me yes so that's it if he talks about the
subject
yes yes he talks about the subject
but apart from what [ __ ] explanations he's going to give you let's
see if you give them then great we are here
to listen to it but it's not
like let's see imagine I mean imagine that
we like I
tell you we make a mistake and it
hits our server in my
kids' lives people are going to have to give
explanations [ __ ] luchi Thank you very much
I was wrong and that's it let's
see he does
n't have to give you any [ __ ]
explanation that it takes time or not it's a
state page financed by the government
but I do that yes I have talked about the subject eh I
mean but I am really I mean eh It's
not because they boast or anything
When I see something that seems wrong to me I
say it without any kind  cover up But
honestly, the Logroño thing seems like nonsense to me.
Call Facua
because it's strange that they haven't released a
news story about that. He
doesn't have to apologize or
explain to anyone about the
gore video. He literally doesn't have to
give any explanation or
apologize.
Look, for me it's more of a [ __ ] to start
saying what I say on Twitter. Don't give it
today because you're going to [ __ ] yourself because I'm going to
give it to you. I'm going to leave you without internet. Not to
everyone who has gone there in the link.
No, some of that stuff that he said. No.
With all due respect, da Las
needs psychological help and taking a
break for a few months I think it would
help him a lot to settle down.
Dario. Thank you very much for your super chat.
About him having to take a break.
Well, well, I don't know. I don't know what
situation he's in. I don't agree with
some of the things he's done
lately but maybe it's not a
question of taking a break. No, maybe it's a
question of a lot of
things adding up that are making him act in
a way. Well, sometimes it's
not the right way. I'm not going to send
anyone to  psychologist maybe he
understands me Like maybe you put
in super chat I'm not going to send anyone to
the psychologist because no Look, it's not a
bad thing, sending someone to a psychologist
is not a bad thing but I don't know if that's the way it goes
okay
I think maybe it will be a little
self-criticism
or looking at yourself maybe
for me the most sincere thing is to hold my hand on your
heart
watch videos in which he defended himself
in 2019 in 2020 and do it again
that way for me it's the best
advice that I would give him as a fellow
creator, partner in YouTube or
whatever okay they marry more
flies with honey than with vinegar
okay I
don't want you to think that I'm burned
even if you don't believe it these types of things
are more common than you think in the
world of content creators one day
you can get along very well with someone and
the next day cut off all communication
what makes me laugh the most about the whole
situation is the fact in general of everything
that happened in just one
week But you know what the worst thing about all
this is that  I told you at the beginning of the
video all this is Hello hello hello I need to
buy an amplifier dude
someone recommend one to me by email and
go I
have to buy an amplifier the mic is
very low
Ivan Ivan is lying down Not until now
Ivan we have to buy amplifiers the
sound is very low and people won't stop
complaining
vicious circle this behavior of Dallas
is one that is repeated constantly I don't
know if you remember that more or less a
month ago Dalas started making videos in these
fingers responding to his haters and well
since it was on his platform he gave himself the
freedom to say whatever he
wanted things that could even be
considered threats imagine living All
eternity putting up with the [ __ ] of
this convict if not convict
I'm not a convict yet it would be someday when I
manage to kill my advice the big
[ __ ] with my own hands I would
like nothing more than for you to grab me by the neck
and see what life is like through your
eyes I swear I've been
putting up with all this class for so many years Now my
balls are high that I would like nothing more I
promise you  I fantasize about the [ __ ] day that
I can do more with my own hands one
of these days so one of these
that they're
going to put it on him they're going to
put it on him they're going to put it on him they're going to
put a strike for this excerpt
well no because this video is not paid
This video is not paid man let's see it
could be considered At least
[Laughs]
I'll tell you one thing
I laughed my ass off with this video of
insults Because we're all like we
all have like a little fetish
seeing someone explode not explode and
throw out insults really loud Not if the
insults are dedicated to people who wish him
dead and things like that Well
okay What happens is that it's true
that there were a couple of insults that were too
much to people who didn't do that badly I mean
there were people who hadn't said
anything so strong as to make him
insult them like that
Hector Thank you very much
A big hug Thank you very much for your super
chat friend I
think he's taking the step of cleaning up Now to
clean up his image and in certain ways I
understand first why didn't
September do this
This video was fabric eh sailorrita
these will remain more than  convinced that
Dallas is not a normal person a
person who has such impulsive attacks
or so much resentment towards people who
hate him is not a healthy person or much
less stable now they may think what's
wrong with a
hater's comment nothing as content creators
at the end of the day we end up
getting used to this type of comments it
's not the best but it is what there is and I
think that Obviously if you get
angry you can
act badly but the things that
Dallas said really don't make sense that's why
I felt so much Of course they put
the video itself that I emphasize okay there were
people to whom he dedicated insults that hadn't been
said to him so much I mean it's
what I've said many times dude
dedicate those types of videos to him I mean he has
many other people to
dedicate those types of videos to dude
dedicate those types of videos to a kido to
a Luis endera to an aplo chafer are
you going to dedicate that to Chicote you
know
to Juan why haven't they participated in the
stadium
they are going to participate this afternoon to energia
claro
for me it's not that much anymore
This video for example is not this  the audio that I just
put is not one of the
strong insults that is a little pornographic no I
mean we all like a little like the
borbo not the morbidity of seeing someone when they
make it clear to them literally or rather
for me it is not so much the content of the
video itself but for me he is
wrong in the Diana
in who points to who points to you have a
lot of people to dedicate a video
like that to because he has said similar things to you and
then he can respond to a lot of
people like that I do not like man that is what I
tell you I think he has no
need or rather at the point where he
was in 2019 and 2020 I think he
should watch videos at that point and
recover that point of his path man
[ __ ] man it is that you had everyone
already on your side to an image
that everyone was on your side
nothing more than you were criticized by four
[ __ ] called literal eh or rather four
[ __ ] of all people did
not make great people in the past
when they could still do those things on
YouTube
already son but if you start comparing yourself
with things from the past I mean if you  you put to
do if I start doing the same
things that I did When I entered YouTube
fear to think what had gone through
Dallas's head when putting gore on his
page images that were super
explicit and I'm not saying this because I've
never seen things like that before it
just seemed to me that Dallas did it
with a negative purpose But you know
if we're going to talk about Dallas with a
negative purpose you see it is that it is not
the best milk that has an importance
you see it super serious but don't
get into it why the [ __ ] are you looking at
the Source code of the video I
mean you are looking at the Source code of the
video Because you are a rat that does not
want to spend five bucks Well if the
video lasts if the video is worth 5 euros then
pay the 5 euros and if not don't watch the
video
okay I
say I has
not published a goal video on his
page
he has not published the goal video on his
page it
is a trap that could have been
wrong childish wrong but it is a
trap that he has done because there were people
who were going to look for the rawling okay
but I am here just like I have
told you other things that seem wrong to me it
is that I see this as a  [ __ ]
But he did pay for them But he paid for it but he would
n't have gotten into the source code
if it hadn't been to check what
people were saying I mean, the thing about the
source code, find out from someone, that
is, the first one who found out that
the gore video was there was someone who was
looking for the free video
why would someone start looking for
the source code, the one who
found the gore video was someone who
was looking for the free video
I found that trap funny the one who
told you that let's see if he's going to
find the rules of the page is
a different story okay but [ __ ] it's that
everyone is there wow wow wow wow he posted
a gore he posted a gore video
let's talk about his latest project we all
know that a few months ago Dalas
presented this God as an
alternative YouTube project a YouTube with
supposedly fairer rules where
content creators would be
rewarded as they should with a
donation system with tips for videos
with content creators that had to
be previously approved to
belong to the platform supposedly
absolute quality and you know what this
situation simply filled me with
disappointment I think that when I've talked
about someone's content or their
decisions I've never sought to harm
anyone personally I may really
dislike someone and completely
disagree with their content but I
'm not the one to tell them they can't
upload Dallas on their platform Stardew
was in charge many times of removing
videos and censoring people who didn't
agree with him our mission
as youtubers
streamers is usually to keep
an audience entertained Or at least
interested Dallas a few years ago
was the punching bag YouTube
everyone decided to throw [ __ ] at him because it was
the easiest thing to do and as I had
told you years ago
the same vicious circle has been repeating itself
dedicating videos to people for
literally stupid things at the time
Dallas made a video for Dross because
he didn't want to answer about the
video you have no [ __ ] idea dude what you're
talking about you
have no [ __ ] idea what he's talking about
man you
have no [ __ ] idea what you're talking about
dude I mean and everything is fine with Dross and there is a
good relationship with drugs right now
but man you have no [ __ ] idea what he's
talking about with everything that  with all the
visits it has I've
told you I haven't said it it's that I would
love to look for you I would love to
look for you already closed I wouldn't love to
look for you the video a video that I saw
recently with super erroneous information
about Windows is that I don't remember is
that I don't even remember what it
was but it was something like dude
and in the end you this you say this I see
a million people or two million
people who had the video as a visit and
then your other three or four friends repeat it
and it's a lie that you turn
into truth
you know they have no [ __ ] idea when they
make the videos they
have no [ __ ] idea
or literally man things with
Dross are already good today but
man his friend Dross
Rubius had his thing for the 5 second mentions
in a live
I have made Rubius these two videos
in particular
this one I don't remember
but I think it was Rubius The one who mentioned
Miare out of the blue
but then there was
a video that for me was left over about cocaine
or something like that I say
the rest was like a little relevant and
such I don't think  was this the video, no,
to me from Rubio what I thought was wrong was
the last one, where what he said about Windy,
which was based on a manipulated climate,
okay, but for example the one from Dross, man,
and Dalas responded with more than half an hour
of video for literally stupid things.
I can't support that argument,
guys, I know a lot of people are going to tell me
that, an unfair video to Rubio, but the thing is,
I can't, I can't support that
argument because I literally if
someone, I've taken half-
hour videos from someone who has dedicated a
tweet to me, well of
course I'll do it, of course I'll
make a video in half an hour.
Of course, but when they start with
the average, now the 40 minutes last as long as it
lasts, I'm not timing
things that could have easily been
solved with two or three messages, and
these are really things that, of course, because of course,
because like, of
course, these are people who are not going to
catch you, literally, Rubio, and it does
n't suit Dross at all to be
responding to you because he's more busy
making his own content, he doesn't
have a [ __ ] clue, man, if you're going to make a
video  Get informed How what drone is not going to
dedicate time to answer him if we
spend a month exchanging videos with
Dross he
doesn't have a [ __ ] clue about blondes and God
doesn't benefit at all from
answering you because he's more busy
making his own content than dedicating a
video to you of more than half an hour
total shitty hater argument
Dalas lately has done several things
for which
he can be criticized you don't understand anything and you make arguments that you get from Twitter and garbage if you have posted on Twitter How that drone how do you end up not having time to answer if we spend a month if so even the thumbnails that he put in a thumbnail [ __ ]
like no if literally Dross made
eight videos responding to Dallas
on the secondary channel Daniel
santomelemu I don't know what And he even said the thing about the
naked torso
dude this is a channel he
has and I'm not telling you this out of envy I'm
telling you because I [ __ ] myself you have
757,000 subscribers and almost all of the
videos
go for a million views
okay And there are many videos that go for a
million million and some  of visits man I know
we are to the SEO
but man there is a certain
responsibility
if even Turbo made a video of the
even Turbo and Rubius does not respond Rubius
and responded
Rubio responded in a in a live
in fact the minifiatesis informs little
that the thumbnail that has put of
Rubius
this thumbnail
this thumbnail is not the video that
Dallas made to Rubio this thumbnail is of the
video of Dallas reacting to the
response of Rubius Rubius did
respond
What happens is that Rubius does not get
involved in this type of things because he is not
interested he is not interested or because of the issue of
brands to get involved or because
if he responds it will give
Dallas a lot of publicity that he has if he does not respond
and Well also because not because he does not know how to
defend himself I mean there are a lot of people who do not
know how to handle themselves in the conflict, for
example, I think that I am going to make, I think
that I am going to make a youtuber that I am going to
be different in the sense that I
think I am going to be a youtuber That if
one day I grow and have a million
subscribers if someone messes
with me I am going to respond to them I don't care about
the brands, I don't care about anything  I
think Maybe I'm wrong and I'm saying [ __ ] I'm
not interested, you know maybe I see
things from another perspective
and I see things in a different way but you literally haven't informed yourself [ __ ] dude, I can respond, I mean I can, I can respect opinions different from mine, I can respect opinions different from mine but you misinform but they were on good terms even Juan Guarnizo agreed to give an
interview to give them When the
damn controversy of the bed happened, then months
after all that Dalas made a video
complaining that they weren't responding to his
messages especially the invitation
for them to join estardeos already
really What point and maturity do you reach
For that It really doesn't make any kind
of sense and the only explanation is that I have already
given my opinion a thousand times, I do
not agree with him, it
was wrong, I mean for a simple
loot let's
see what you can do live and you
can tell it is an experience of yours and you
can tell whatever you want and if
suddenly you feel bad against another
partner and you want to talk about it in your
live you can do it
also at your complete freedom but what do I know  I
mean,
for example, the other day I felt
bad when they left me as a substitute in Sao,
but then I put another scale, I mean,
for example, I
can make a video that you already personal,
each one of us is from our father, our
mother, each one of us is in a way, no, and
that can be host, you have to see that
Juan and Auron have left me as substitutes for
the substitutes in Sao What's going on, okay,
what's going on, I'm
going to stop following them, I'm going to
stop talking to them, however, no, let's
see, I'm giving you an example that more
or less occurs to me, similar, Auron, he
has never botted me in fact,
if he has to mention his live shows, he
does it
very much to the regret of the No, but if he
has to mention me, he does it,
Auron. The only youtuber he has
given interviews to has been Ibai and
Ribeira, he
invited me to
Squid Games, the second
installment of Squid Game, he invited me
to London Chucky. Thank you very much, King
Juan Guarnizo, he has
come here, we have collaborated two or
three times, he has
helped me with certain things that I have
asked and he has granted them okay or so I
mean like I
can feel bad about something about a
person I
can tell them or not but from there to
cutting off a relationship and suddenly that
person is the worst just for that reason
because no but it's that he also has
many bad things Damn but it's that
while you have been good with him
So in that in that there he already gives his opinion a
thousand times I there no I do not share what
is the same as giving that he is in his
right eh I mean he is in his
right he can do it but man why do
n't they enter your platform [ __ ] that
's their job they can decide I ca
n't
give in to all of this it's that giving them
this affected their ego or their
pride a lot because then however now maybe
with time Well maybe it would have been better for them it would have been
better for them Hey and they haven't
entered your project of beings they haven't
supported you well maybe
tomorrow they will support you in something different
That if they are interested and if they like it I
know a thousand things you don't have to act
also with a little sense not
all of all that  decided to make a
video charging on their platform to
make a crappy video because
supposedly those people were
shitty to you that also gave them the
right to attack them when Well before
that and when they accepted the
interviews you were laughing next to them
very hypocritical of them I think Dala
was always a person with a
quite ironic humor and that he cannot tolerate
comments from absolutely anyone
seems like something that is truly Absurd to me it
is fine that he is capable of blocking
some people on Twitter but making
a specialized Bot to run a
massive block to all those who
interact with likes to things
against you seems like a lot to me and look that not
even
the blocking Bot they
just sent me they
just sent me a tweet I don't know
if it's real they made a copy and paste
of the account made from one of the accounts
dedicated exclusively to harassment of
me no And he says in view of the fact that Javier
was not able to handle criticism I am
going to proceed to block him so that
these criticisms do not hurt him
despite saying that some of those things and
that it seems that he wants to intimidate and
silence by using victimhood
and threats of sue  They are not
threats of a lawsuit I'm going to act I'm
not going to say exactly what
my strategy is going to be but it will come to you The
truth is I know that I have bluffed
on some occasions And I have said I'm going to
sue I'm going to sue and then I haven't
sued Not for nothing but because
maybe it's going to be the balance, damn it because you have to
spend 3000 4000 euros and you
have the possibility that they won't
admit it to process then there have been other
things that I have reported serious things
and they haven't admitted them to process okay Not
my fault Now suddenly you say
that I'm going to block him I have it
blocked I have that account blocked
because obviously I do
n't want contact with this person or
access to me Okay then this
person Now he's going to have to use
other multiple accounts that he will have like the
Teletubbie does Not since the
Teletubbie which I'm sure is the same
person to
stalk me okay keep stalking me keep
dedicating your life to me but you're going to have to
give explanations
and you're going to have to give explanations and
tell the truth  you'll see why but
you're going to have to give explanations and
tell the truth you'll see why but no no no no no no no no no no
I'm not
trying to intimidate you with lawsuits okay I
mean that's not intimidating me for
example you can sue me Every
week I'm not
intimidated if they sue me if you consider that
suing you is intimidating it's because you're
doing something that is not right okay it
seems to me that posting a tweet messing
with my 8 year old daughter and insinuating that I would
prostitute her seems to me that
maybe it is a little against And yes it
is a little harassing okay it was
n't you it was the other one no it
seems to me that calling me Jolie
[ __ ] that you have Avatar my mouth that
your name is newsboy
and that you and that your whole life revolves
around me it seems to me that it is not
criticism it seems to me like harassment I do not
dedicate 100% of my time here
on one person or another okay I
to  better 5% or 1% of my videos
out of 30 that I release a day are dedicated to
someone that you don't like that I
dedicate videos to them okay but it is what it is
called freedom of expression if there is
something that I have said in what I have gone too far there are
the courts you sue me and you
wait for the result when there is
a result Don't worry I will
assume it if I lose if I lose I assume it
Because I do assume the sentences when they
condemn me okay I do serve the
sentence when they condemn me So let's go
there okay let's go there I don't know
if the tweet that they sent me is real
no but today Look Oh how
delicate he is going to block me so that
my criticism does not reach him No friend or friend
what you should have done is not have spent
three [ __ ] years
chasing me but you're going to have to
tell the truth And you won't be able to lie You'll
see why but you're going to have to
tell the truth And you won't be able to lie
that thing about messing with your daughter is the
most noble baseness man  Imagine No, well
imagine what an 8 year old girl will be to blame
for what her father does, no,
imagine no, but there's Oh Oh Oh Oh
that she's going to block me so I don't
get it eh And she's asking you please not to get it to
me but you're going to keep
stalking me and you're going to keep calling me Oli
shitty newsboy making fun of my
diction that's not criticism eh
that's not criticism
and I say it again I'm
going to take action
and don't even expect the strategy What will it
be is there
still time to fix it eh there's
time to fix it I'm the most
accessible person in the world but things are
fixed well things are not fixed by
harassing
and things can get worse eh And I don't care how far I have to
go
now I'm messing with Dallas for
his projects but for the misuse he
gave them I don't want them to forget how horrible
furún was a game that was
[ __ ] and that to this day continues
to do so and even Dallas had the
intention of releasing Ford 2 where his entire
work team abandoned him because you're not
good enough as a boss and  now it's late goodbye it
's once again a project solely
managed by you gives you an open letter to
do whatever the hell you want a page
that was down for a long time and
now that it works the first thing you do
is put gore And you know that I'm not even
going to talk about the subject of
immortality because I think that it's not
worth talking about it and now Simply not
knowing how to accept that the things of gore and
everything else are exaggerations of
people It's wrong it's terrible to think
that everyone is wrong I've
lost the thread of this subject already [ __ ] it
man if it's noticeable no It
reports a [ __ ] [ __ ] I've
lost the thread of this note
really it's not that it pisses me off man
honestly it pisses me off
excessively bitsimismo you're going to have the
nerve to say bichimismo
[Music]
bichimismo
victimhood is calling harassment to want to
be famous but you don't want people to
talk about you
and you call harassment to them talking about you That's
victimhood
I'm going to shut up what is victimhood
victimhood is proclaiming
yourself a victim of something and that you are not
those victimhood
that are  They mess with your 8 year old daughter, it's not
victimhood. They make
you do I don't know how many accounts with
your Avatar mouth
laughing at your profession, from which you've
eaten for 13 years, with which you've supported
your family, not a forklift driver, not a chav
laughing at what, that he was a
humble person from a neighborhood who had no education.
Shameless, whoever you are, whoever you are, you
have no shame
and maybe you won't be ashamed when you have to
go through the process of giving explanations
because this is going to have to be given
explanations because things are not going to stay the
same. I mean, they mess with your
8 year old daughter and they mess with your baby,
it's victimhood, it's family. You have to have
balls. You have to have balls.
Those of you who don't have the balls
to do it with your real name. Those of you who do
n't have the balls to do it with
your real name. Victimhood,
victimhood, get up here and act like a
hypocrite that I am a
victimhood.
Victimhood is proclaiming yourself a victim of
something that you are not a victim of, those victimhood,
victimhood that is the art of
stalking you 24 hours a day,
accusing you of a crime.  calling you Oli
[ __ ]
messing with your 8 year old daughter and
your wife's pregnancy that victimhood
What [ __ ] world do people live in,
dude victimhood
victimhood Of course they make humiliating montages
not on the account This one they made for me no
also on one of the accounts no
humiliating montages showing your
fat body with tits no that that victimhood no
what the [ __ ] eh what the [ __ ]
three years stalking family
three years
think a little about what you do whoever it
is
think a little about what you do whoever it is that you're
going to give
explanations And you won't be able to lie
but think a little about what you do
three years since the talqueo
bike same
victimhood messing
with people messing with
8 year old girls dude
and with women because they're pregnant
no and publishing my cousin's photo no
victimhood
egg eh families I know I'm
giving you all the day with this but you don't know how
pissed off I am my lawyer is
fried too but you don't know how pissed off I
am eh We've
been taking them off here for hours and hours and hours
for planning the strategy
that we're going to do But this is going to have to be
fixed
then this and another one are going to be fixed Eh
This and others are going to be fixed for my
ball that is going to be fixed if you mess
with my family I'll bite your jugular
if you mess with my family I'll bite your
jugular
and it's not the first time
yeah man you have to have them eh you have to
have them eh Oh look what he's
going to block so it doesn't reach me Eh
You're going to keep thinking about me every day
for 24 hours staking me out for three
years three years that I had no [ __ ] idea
that she was talking to herself about me or only
about me this person who was
talking to herself about me for three years
without me knowing But look he's going to
block me so I don't find out if I don't find out
if they told me a week ago
if I didn't find out
if I found out a week ago
that there were two accounts that were
talking to themselves
victimhood you know I
hope it's true that you're going to spend
the money on this in this I'm with you
Cheer up I
swear by what I love most that I'm
leaving  going to spend the money on this I swear
by what I hold most dear
and I hope there are legal consequences
but at least let it be known
and let it be known publicly
what the [ __ ] man what the [ __ ] man
men who fix things for us like this I'm
going to get into the same mess again and in the
end I don't work they just
sent it to me man
go to the bathroom for a second go to the bathroom for a
second
Ramón Today is the day there was
a donation that I
forgotno
Oh but he hasn't written me anything he
sent me today but he hasn't written me anything he
already has everything certified but yes it is that it is
public yes it is
not that he certifies man yes it is
public but yes it is the best it is the
best I mean it is the best victimhood
victimhood of course of course it is
not that it is not that I do not
accept criticism eh I mean it is
not I accept criticism
coming from a random user on Twitter
who publishes information that only
a group of people can handle Of course
but well anyway on
top of that man they take
people for idiots
who try to take people for idiots
but  Don't worry, do
n't worry, don't
worry, because I've already
said it, eh, that I'm not going to rest, especially not
with that gorgon, especially not
with that gorgon.
And on top of that, I can't see the chat very well, man,
tomorrow I think they'll take me away tomorrow I think they'll take me away, I do
n't know if they'll take my
stitches away, man, I do
n't know if they'll take my stitches away tomorrow.
What the hell is this?
This is perfect,
well, family,
another topic about which another topic about which
information is constantly coming out. Well,
by the way, I've uploaded a video to the
main channel. I look like you do. Doña
Paca? Today, you're not from that
generation. You're not going to know who Doña
Paca is. I've uploaded a video to the main channel
and I've given an exclusive about Willy's wedding,
Willyrex's wedding. I recommend that you
all watch the video. Okay, okay,
Ricolino. Okay, okay,
Ricolino
Doña Paca. I don't know if Doña vaca,
look, look, this was Doña Paca. This was
Doña Paca. Look,
Mrs. Vaca,
like this is the last one, the last one, the last one, the
last one, the last program, not to say.
last
Oh I just came from cleaning
Don Valerio Luna's office a kiss
and I found out from a phone that
throws papers underneath it called
caotao
that he took out today in my reproach eh
incredible eh incredible when I was little I
dressed up as Doña Paca Well as I said
family I have uploaded a video to the
main Channel support it please okay as soon as
the live ends I will send you there
energy
new information okay I am going to remind you of the
exact three minutes that I debated
with him yesterday okay
brutal man I mean I don't think there wasn't
a debate Well yes the one with
Jackie and Dallas don't fight against
those bullies and don't give up set a
great example I admire you a lot for that
take care of your eyes and love to Lorena I am a
girl thank you very much Cat
Thank you very much to all
[Music]
don't worry I'm not going to
disappoint you with what I'm going to do don't
worry I'm going there all out okay it's
going to be brutal it's going to be brutal and besides they
won't be able to lie with that I say it
all family this was the one from bataller
I think  that I have been commenting on these things on several
occasions that you're
having for better or for worse man of
course for worse because you're completely
[ __ ] disgusting I love it when when he
tells me for better or for worse I say no I
'm a gossip channel that has been
commenting on your controversies and he tells me for
better or for worse
for better or for worse I
mean imagine commenting in a good way on the
things that this man does this
[ __ ] guy eh everyone I don't know if it
seems normal to you to bite your lip
while you're thinking about a little girl
at what point did I do that when they
ask you if you like little girls that
appear to be older Even if they
appear to be less And you bite your lip
saying Uff milf I want you to
explain to me how that is taken out of
context okay I'll explain to you the fact that
I prefer you to each his own and I
prefer a 18-20 year old girl before
a woman with 50
friends
as if I were stupid and you were going to
talk to me about the Tooth Fairy
Forget it you start to address
directly
and what you're trying to say with your
gaze biting your lip and with the
words you say verbatim that I don't know
if the south will have a hand the cli is that like they
are 18 to justify yourself a little
within the direct but
tin tin tin Of course they look 18
but
yes for you what is that
meaning Adolescent and adolescent in what
era does it begin
adolescent begins at 12 yes
wait a second and it goes to
adolescent at what age does it begin
adolescent at remains begins man I think
that before that question already or rather I would have
I would have liked if it had
remained because the
debate would have become very strong eh what I didn't
like is the click that has caught air
for the guy it has not caught the most
powerful climate if someone wants to edit another
tip top putting him to do some montage
like biting his lip when I
tell him things like that the sweats if someone
wants to put together a good tiktok for me I upload it
okay but
adolescent at what age does it begin to Look at
30 touch your balls
what are you going to look at it Wikipedia doesn't
want sometimes  I'm almost 30 [ __ ]
years old you bite your lip thinking about
young teenage girls
aside from that it was already the part of all the
[ __ ] disgust that has the whole context that
now I want you to explain to me How do you
take that out of context outside of all
the [ __ ] disgust that it gives I want
you to explain to me What's the joke about an
older brother you have you have a
sister no who jumped to defend you when
you did the String with Dallas no you
have a sister who suffered for you no
that the defense was pathetic by the way
this has to be said but I don't know if you
know what a sister is who had
made a mood bomb I
don't believe it
imagine how intense
imagine How it would have been let's see I'm going to
look for something to see if the
lip clip man
the lip click man
the lip click is that you have to see it
but carefully
energy
energy lip
[ __ ] Where can I find the
lip energy clip
Where can I find the
lip clip man
but I want to relate it all so you can
see the words exactly
why it says no tin tin tin  that they are 18
but that they look like
that 18, I
mean, it's telling you clearly
but I don't understand why I can't
get the clip dude I do
n't understand why I can't get the
lip clip
energy
I'm searching on Twitter okay I get
several clicks
of the debate with Dallas but I can't get the
click and I get the lip clip dude
and I'm so complicated the lip clip
okay Here it is here it is here it is Look look look let's
go a
thousand otin okay a thousand they are older women
like in their 50s 40 and long
forty and long for 50 okay like that in
attractive powerful no and Team are the
teenagers the word itself says it
but the thing would be
over 18 but that they look like they have that it
seems like they have
that 18 and he laughs as if to say that
we are live
if you are saying over 18 but
that it seems like you are
not telling me over 18 but
that they look like they are 50
and over 18 but that they look like that
18 Noah are you saying between the lines
older that they are over 18 because you
are on live obviously because he is
with  audience
but they make them look like girls
okay I mean there's no more
phone number contact or
device do you want to call Alexa suck
my balls but in three times you
're really crazy
Maybe they're the typical ones that there
are and I don't know where my fotín but the thing
would be
over 18 but they make them look like they're
over 18 but they make them look like they're how disgusting
man
how disgusting
that they're
and they're laughing Look at the face how they laugh here I
mean the facial expression is
telling you everything and with this I have nothing to
argue with you understand well today
this clip went viral on Twitter that I
don't know where it's from Where did they
invite it because I'm freaking out
I'm freaking out here on YouTube Spain on
Spanish YouTube I'm freaking out at the people they
make famous and the ones who succeed
because this guy was invited to the rewind
because he had the grace that he lived
many Monsters I mean if you notice
here they always catch on like thanks to the
worst you fall in grace and you can do whatever
you want they keep
inviting you to the site and like this guy There are
take away the [ __ ] networks
but yes just with the click that we just
saw
just with the click that we just
is to take away the internet
but here man here the
gossip channels are frowned upon today the
gossip channels do not invite the rewind to energy
that makes these types of comments live
man here the mentality of the people looks good
the shitty people have to
change once and for all they
always fall in Grace man and I found this click
today on Twitter that has gone
viral but they are
sharing it as a meme I mean I would
like people to stop taking
this as a joke and as a meme
listen to it
I am not like
handsome I simply try to
make myself a girl with Romanticism
with affection and I do not go for what everyone goes for is
worth Which is
why If you are looking for affection and such then
I am the right guy And yes Well if
what you are looking for is cane Then whatever
you want So I hope that nothing
that you like what yes is that I hope that
you are young because I like the
little ones so well nothing I hope
that you choose and you will see  The power of the
Monster
nothing I hope that I hope
you're young because I like little
girls so well nothing I
hope that
yes it's that I hope you're young
because I like little girls so
still have a Twitch channel
still have Twitter and still have a
YouTube channel and still have a
TikTok account what do you think
according to what they say today in the other gossip that
well you know that on our
website that I don't know what they're doing
apparently They are under maintenance okay
forum under maintenance we are carrying out
maintenance tasks on the forum to
improve the design of the fluidity well
our page okay our portal
michavaleria.com you have the other TV and the
other gossip the other TV eh of television
the content of the lady and the other
salsa of the chavalería Okay well in the
chavalería in the other gossip
they released this news today
energy Delete the tweet of the photo of him
with ariann music sister of Dalas
review the tiktoker energy has deleted
several tweets due to the massive rain of
criticism it turns out that the tiktoker
known with  his controversy about having
relationships with minors had uploaded
a photo of him to his Twitter account with
Dallas's sister ariann music it didn't
take long for it to go viral and he received
immense negative criticism for what
purpose would he take a photo of a minor
with the sister of an influencer with
whom he had a debate that left him in a very bad
position so well It seems that he has
deleted the tweet that the very pig
had also posted
what are you doing
what you do
to make a king thanks to
everyone obviously but guys who have
done it with the intention that I am left
wondering
why he is an [ __ ] I have done the sister
let's hit on her such and such And she had
said come on it's worth money so that for you to
say this that Dallas has given
money to the sister to say that
Or rather the sister and the boyfriend let's
give him [ __ ] he
convinced them of course
[Music]
and I repeat that the photo that I took was
directly from Instagram okay I mean
the Instagram photo So it was the
story that I uploaded with this the story
that I uploaded made saying that and there What I
say is that I was
trying to record myself all the time  trying to take
pictures of me You think that Look, let's
put any girl who's
sitting at the event here no matter how much
I expand
they're in love with me
I'm hallucinating eh man man
it even got me angry the fact that the
first message I have with Dallas okay
the first message I have told on
discord he tells me right
now right and like no Ah okay I'm like
anyway nonsense But well the thing have you
taken the sun no the audios take you off you'll
see you'll see you'll see don't give me
spoilers I want to see it already go anyway
what we have recommends you Go
Valentina
towards Diego and period man it's more my
sister and my other sister too
uncle little one what I want to say that
the spirit of what the ass when he meets me
truth
was only
you it was only that you like me that I can't that I ca
n't compete some
things or thought does not mean that I
dislike you because I like you
Of course that video about 73 okay I
imagine that because of the clothes The feeling
you are shorter yes it's true it's also
true that many times I wear things
wide More than anything because like  I'm
chubby I like to snack
where in my [ __ ] house as long as I stay
here if one day one day you see me
behind bars I'll shut up okay I'll shut up And I'll
say people I'm sorry
but when not Meanwhile here I am
okay But you know why I'm not because there's
no coherent evidence to get me in
so okay we continue your parents' house
little by little Look because
here the one who pays the electricity
so this
even if it's their house we all contribute is worth
both my mother my father with my sister and
like me okay So we continue okay I
had conversations about
very shady things very shady with minors
okay because Look what I did and I don't care to
show this Okay I don't care to
show it but look
what has been put instead this is
going to make me angry it's
going to make me angry what I'm going to do
because
if we talk to him together with this one it's not
worth it Look How can I do so that
the conversation is not seen
I regret
voting
Paul peorl I mean bar Paul Well look
I regret this man look
Emma so that this is not seen Hello peorl
I mean bar Pol Well
I regret this man look at
voting today  worsel or rather bar Paul
Well look
I regret this man look
so that this is not seen I am going to put I am
visiting bread cheer up Dallas I trust you
since the first day that the light came out
all that all this so that so that you can
see okay so that you can see then it says what it has to do with
okay
this after this okay reactions to
the story good I need your help
Hi Dale let's make a video Thanks you
know the story I am interested in the subject at
all just a little Give me a summary and a
source to consult do you know such Yes he
is a mongol Yes I have made a mongol Yes I have
made a mongol okay conversation with
Dalas review the tic you have it there
yes he is a
mongol Get sweating thanks Well that
That guy has brought up next to my
conversations with girls he
got the topic I don't know
what Let's see first we start at the beginning Send me those conversations the age of the girl I will look at it then this story started only because that guy did it not from my number but now we talk on literary records Ah go I need to know the subject in
depth if you can send audio if
you want then what influences are
defending you  tell me your such I don't want to bring
people here again and such
has
like very little
How is the word
tact when telling you something I mean I
remember once that a girl
complained because now she said Hey and that
nose do you want to recover I mean I'm
not saying it with bad intentions like no
one is so good
that I'm not saying it with intention of
insulting her you
know like Hey why are you getting
a rhinoplasty I recommend it you're going to be
happy wouldn't that be the way No but no you don't
have dwarfism right But did you care about
the face in the middle of the
conversation
Yes if it's not tactful okay here you have it
no okay perfect Now yes okay perfect
so you can see again Give review okay
its verification How good that promo we
repeat Whats okay
the photo of that face How old is she
a photo like in a swimsuit to get
into the pool she answered me gosh for
all that kid that girl today
in that way Well I think she's
really going to help me dude she's going to
help me I mean she's going to help me dude by
sending her more audio Tell me the Instagram
of all  that I want to investigate her
okay I've seen it okay okay
consequent conversation calling the photo that
I am that I am trending in that I
am trending okay Yes yes I have
seen it that's why we record as soon as possible I
just want to put myself in a little situation
Because it is a lot of subject tell me your album
okay no No I have
n't seen the video yet I'm going to
react first to the being and then to
Dallas okay they are I think he is in
love with me come on Look at what he
released exactly Of
course but it's that people Yes but it's that
first me Why do you think at some
point that I what I said about maturity
because I would like to have something with that
girl first I have never liked That girl
And I never went to meet her I
went to meet her brother because she
collects videos genetics that the
sister was there okay Me during
all the days that I was with her brother
with the brother I was with the brother I
never or I mean I never wanted anything with
anyone I repeat
apart from that no longer It's that
this kid is not
only shady but apart
from being shady it's like he doesn't have his
ducks in a row you know like you're
seeing him there trying to explain something but it's that I'm
not getting a [ __ ] thing
[ __ ] what he's trying to
explain you know he's explaining and he's
muddying the situation and making it
worse I don't know if I'm explaining myself okay I mean he's
missing the potato For the kilo he's not missing
The potato for the gram directly no
then this guy should have his social
media removed okay apart from that he has a very
strange taste because he's trying like
again posting conversations man that you already
know that I hate that man don't expose
conversations if there's someone who exposes
your conversations and then they
expose them as manipulated And you have to
take it out to deny something because they've
exposed it as manipulated and you have to
take it out
to put the truth well then I
understand but Hey my love Hey my love you
're a little shady okay
And in the end it's there like it's not that look it's that
Dalas wanted to help me Yeah sure
Dalas wanted to help you he was
interested in the subject and he was
asking you for all kinds of evidence but the
moment he had the conversation with you there's
no way to catch you friend
okay
my love we're going over there to Twitch
two options Okay We're going to go to
Twitch to play cuphead the dlc Okay
I'm going to try again  I'm going to give it
a try
Augusto Thank you so much my love I'm
going to pay
today scarlet Oops This was a
scarlet joke coming to me let's see wait for this
but softly
very softly but clear Anyways I'm
not going to leave this filter to play I'm
going to put it on there will
be a cup filter directly no
no
Finally I find you live Javi
So I dedicate a choles candy to you
dad like a display case pionono
roll up like this with powdered sugar
sweeten me and it's that you are my king of
gossip how cute you are you are my baby my
ugly baby feu Thank you very much let's
see there's a cup filter this
filter is terrible I ca
n't believe it man let's
play let's
play okay let's play family
two options if you want gossip you go
to the main Channel I uploaded a
video about Willyrex's wedding option 2
or b you go to Twitch you go to
Twitch we're going to play cuphead
Sorry way Man Sorry way And sorry way
Man Sorry Wayne and sorry  way more Sorry
Way
[Music]